# Tableau-Projects
Tableau is the most powerful Business Intelligence tool. Data is loaded from MYSQL database into tableau.
Problem Statement: Atliq is the computer hardware and peripheral manufacturer company which supplies hardwares and other networking equipments to different clients such as (Surge stores, Nomad stores, Excel stores and Electricalsara stores. They have regional offices in different states of India. It is observed that over a past few months the sales of company are declining and the Operations Manager is concerned about the decline in sales. He is trying to figure out the exact reason behind and looking for the appropriate solution. Since the company has mutiple operating offices it is getting difficult for the manager to encounter the problem. The operations Manager is not able to find what is the root cause of that are the sales are declining or what is happening at ground level. He is unable to get the data insights. This is where the data analysis comes in. Since the excel files are does not provide a clear picture about the problem and on the other hand does not supports the facility of data data drilling. 
                      Tableau is one of the sophisticated BI tool to vizualize the data and make effective data driven decesions like (Top five customers, Two most weakest regions where sales are declining). A dashboard gives a clear understanding of the problem and is useful to derive meaningful insights from the data and eventually one can make business decisions.
